# Friday call

## Olivier

Reworked the specifications²

## Alex

Started work on several modules
- MOD
- BIN
- SHF
- WCP
Decided to implement inductive style approach with simplified module. First case: ADD module. Checking inductive properties and thus for arbitrary traces.
Cehck some properties for every row and then checking backwards inductive properties when the trace is built. 
Constraints that are nonlinear such as STAMP increments taht are the vanishing of a product are hard to check for SMT solver. 

For the induction he can set the number of rows to use in the inductive step. Doing it with $k=1$ atm. $k=17$ should also be doable but would take time.
TRM module has done similar work.

Issues: shift operations means also propagating bytehood constraints for instance.
So for instance you have to say that binary constraints are held for 16 rows.

With the ADD module he implements the k=1 inductive approach.
In WCP it's the k=16 approach.

Questions:
- properties of columns ?
	- Why can you not specify that a column should contain only bytes / bits ?
	- if you have 2 rows and have the associated constraints, you still have the shifting operations (e.g. in WCP you still have shifts by large amounts) 
	- we could change the spec to do bit accumulation in those cases (e.g. WCP) but Alex says that it's not a big issue.

Alex has some extension of Corset to handle comparisons and implications.
Contains essentially the same data as the Corset constraints but is easier.
"Summaries" where for instance we specify that `0 <= CT < 16` or so, and similarly for ranges of byte accumulation
These summaries make it quicker to do the checking (backwards and forwards, didn't get for which) 

One problem: would like to be able to write shifts by stuff like `(- 16 CT)` which can't be done in the polynomial side

INDUCTIVE APPROACH Is the winner (with summaries i.e. loop invariants and intermediate lemmas). It's so fast for checking, so SPEED. And we can infer these properties automatically in the future. This gives us inductive proofs for arbitrary traces. And it can give you COUNTER-EXAMPLES. Can also generate ISABEL code (which has integration with z3, while Dafny has not)
It may pay off in the future if we use this tool extensively to have a pathway to corset inspect and corset traces. 

BOUNDED MODEL CHECKING is slow (in practice it does not work with larger modules)

Corset semantics and proving
"Is this approach (Python script) sound ? I.e. what can we deduce from this script succeeding"
ISABEL gives you more confidence in the result and in the semantics ... whatever that means
